DOCSP-33952: Atomic typos (#319)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/collations.txt

---------------------------

You can apply a collation when you create a new index on a collection. The index stores
an ordered representation of the documents in the collection, so your MongoDB instance

> does not perform the ordering for sorting operations in-memory. 

Reviewer: S: keep a [less formal tone](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/contractions/#contractions)
```suggestion
doesn't perform the ordering for sorting operations in-memory. 
```
